meanwhile attacks by Hezbollah on Israel
are continuing with its Fighters
destroying an Israeli tank with the
latest from the southern Border in
southern Lebanon and Israel I'm joined
by Ali Hashim Ali tell us about what's
been happening at that
border well just few minutes like every
time there were also new attacks so it's
it's Unstoppable every day uh for now
there are at least four or five attacks
on different uh Israeli military posts
across the border now we can hear an
explosion also Israel is shelling the
vicinity of villages however for till
the moment both sides are mitigating uh
uh having uh civilian casualties in
their in their shelling so the Israelis
are hitting what they're hitting
vicinity of villages hasah is also
whenever attacking attacking Israeli
military posts allies of hisbah in in
Lebanon whether Palestinian in factions
or the fure forces uh they're hitting uh
uh and launching Rockets but these
Rockets either they are anticipated by
Israeli air defense system or like the a
few days ago when they hit Katona Kona
is an empty City for now so for the
moment it's mainly uh Soldiers by
soldiers fighters from this side
soldiers from the other side but as
we've been saying this is getting bigger
the distance the depth uh the intensity
and the frequency we can see that on
daily basis and we can see that with
Israel's frequent use now of war planes
they're they're doing like at least five
six uh uh um attacks using war planes
and this has a very big impact because
of the explosions the sound and also on
the ground whenever they're hitting
because they're saying they're hitting
hasb Allah's infrastructure over here
but for the moment it seems for at least
for now that this is just in Within
These 10 kilometers on both sides Ali
thank you for the update Ali Hashim live
there from nakura in southern Lebanon